and yeah it's my birthday
really yeah happy birthday
what's your philosophy on release you
know what don't I I know where you're
going with this and the thing is I don't
I don't do it alright not even for a
little extra money
mm-hm it's not the time massager I do
for a release of tension and toxins and
sometimes emotion but yes I'm talking
about
I don't do it so it would take 30 second
you can come in 30 second to have a
second man but I can't do it
it's $500 well the last time you made
$500 for 32nd here curl no coolant the
cash I need the release is crazy you
can't make any noise this is no easy you
can audibly exhale you can't moan or
grinder granters fat yeah like yes uh-uh
no too loud and if you do it and it's
too much all right quiet okay are you
ready
you ready you just have that
plastic bag right there
well why no reason
I am what I'm sorry I thought I have
more cash on me that's okay bill
I saw ATM in the lobby know what there's
a limit there's a limit to the machine
you can only get $300 out could you move
that please
that bag you're kidding no I'm not
kidding I feel bad you should hold on
forget it
hold on a second what forget it it's
pathetic come on Terry there's money I
mean give me
[Music]
you